add hint about broken URLs when jupyterlab is missing (#243)
jupyterhub/binder: doc/tutorials/dockerfile.md

   RUN pip install --no-cache-dir notebook
   ```

>    Note that if you are not installing {}`jupyterlab` in addition to the classic {}`notebook`,
>    you'll need to manually change your mybinder.org URLs from `/lab` to `/tree` as described
>    [here](<https://mybinder.readthedocs.io/en/latest/howto/user_interface.html#jupyterlab>).
>    Otherwise, you might get a "404: Not Found" error when launching your project on binder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :::{note}
   If you install [the classic notebook interface](https://jupyter-notebook.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) but not [JupyterLab](https://jupyterlab.readthedocs.io/), you must manually change your mybinder.org URLs from `/lab` to `/tree` as described [in the user interface documentation](<https://mybinder.readthedocs.io/en/latest/howto/user_interface.html#jupyterlab>).
   Otherwise, you might get a `404: Not Found` error when launching your project on binder.
   :::
```
